# gem-screen-plus-react
# Gm-screen-plus An app to aid GM's in most aspects of game running, including a story beat tracker, combat tracker, useful information and any necessary extra notes. For use with 5th edition D'n'D. This tool aims to reduce the amount of the game that is spent looking things up to allow the game to have a better flow to it.  ## Useful information  This will include the majority of the reference information available on commercial GM screens and will include: - spell effect areas - combat actions - turn actions - status conditions - skill information - advice on DC setting - visibility information - service costs - monster size  ## Story beat tracker  This will be a tool to help GM's track the story progression of the game as well as help recap previous sessions. This will also serve as a timeline of the parties various exploits. During a game it will show user inputted potential progression points with an ability to quickly add notes for something unexpected happening for the GM to fully flesh out post-session.  There will also be an ability to plan the encounters out ahead of time. This will include: - combat - survival - roleplay - puzzle encounters  ## Combat tracker  This will allow the GM to track turn order, hit points of combatents and have an optional option for a turn timer/counter. Monsters will be searchable and will come with a stat block to reduce having to look things up during game. There will be an option for a GM to add new creatures to the tool or customise stat blocks for monsters and save them seperately from there originals.
